package CLDL::Manual::Directories;

__END__

=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

CLDL::Manual::Directories - Directory Strcture of Clydesdale

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.00001

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The following is the directory structure of Clydesdale.

  .
  ├── app-bin
  ├── app-conf
  ├── backups
  ├── bin
  ├── data
  ├── email_templates
  ├── environments
  ├── lib
  │   └── CLDL
  │       ├── Admin
  │       ├── DV
  │       ├── Helpers
  │       └── Manual
  ├── logs
  ├── public
  │   ├── css
  │   ├── images
  │   ├── javascripts
  │   └── uploads
  ├── samples
  ├── sessions
  ├── sql
  ├── t
  ├── tmp
  └── views
      ├── cldl
      │   ├── account
      │   ├── admin
      │   └── includes
      │       ├── buttons
      │       └── js
      ├── js
      └── layouts
  
  33 directories

=head2 TOP-LEVEL DIRECTORIES

=over 4


=item app-bin I<Optional>

Location of user written scripts/programs.

=item app-conf I<Optional>

Location of configuration files for user written scripts/programs.

=item backups I<Optional>

Location of backup copies of configuration and scripts that are modified by Clydesdale.

=item bin

Location of Clydesdale launch scripts.

=item data I<Optional>

Location of user supplied data that's not stored in a database.  

=item email_templates I<Optinal>

Location of email templates.


=item environments

Location of Clydesdale configuration scripts for each environment.


=item lib

Location of Clydesdale Perl modules.


=item logs I<Optional>

Location of Clydesdale access, erro and debug logs.


=item public

Location of public static html/javascript/CSS files.


=item samples

Sample scripts.


=item sessions

Location of sessions if using file based sessions like YAML.


=item sql

Location of sql script to create Clydesdale database and load basic data.


=item t

Location of test scripts that are run during installation.


=item tmp

Location of tmp files.


=item views

Location of templates.

=back




=cut
